Update INTRODUCTION.md with promisified API (#211)
confluentinc/confluent-kafka-javascript: MIGRATION.md

## node-rdkafka

Migration from v2.18.0 and below should only require changing the import statement, from

  ```javascript
  const Kafka = require('node-rdkafka');
  ```

  to

  ```javascript
  const Kafka = require('@confluentinc/kafka-javascript');
  ```

The rest of the functionality should work as usual.

> For later releases, the node-rdkafka API diverges from this library. If you encounter any issues migrating, refer to the [INTRODUCTION.md](./INTRODUCTION.md) for a guide to using this library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For releases > v2.17.0, the node-rdkafka API diverges from this library. If you encounter any issues migrating, refer to the [INTRODUCTION.md](./INTRODUCTION.md) for a guide to using this library.
```

Author: Did but with ` > v2.18.0`

Reviewer: Right, because we did this [merge](https://github.com/confluentinc/confluent-kafka-javascript/commit/7f2718abf28daee03419fb309b61c94599f0b548)
